Improved drop stats docs (#1298)
Haivision/srt: docs/statistics.md

The total number of "too late to send" packets dropped by the sender (refer to `SRTO_TLPKTDROP` in [API.md](API.md)). Available for sender.

Packets may be dropped conditionally, when the `SRTO_TSBPDMODE` and `SRTO_TLPKTDROP` options are set to true.

> The total delay before TLPKTDROP mechanism is triggered consists of the `SRTO_PEERLATENCY`, plus `SRTO_SNDDROPDELAY`, plus 2 * the ACK interval (default ACK interval is 10 ms). The delay used is the timespan between the very first packet and the latest packet in the sender's buffer.

Author: The second sentence is kinda weird. The delay is calculated as shown (this results to more-less this 125% RFC is talking about), but this is simply about the time distance between now and the time recorded in the packet at the moment when it's first sent (as this time is a base to calculate the play time at the reception side).

> ### pktRcvDropTotal

Reviewer: Should I then make a commit in your PR? Do I have rights?

> ### pktRcvDropTotal

Author: Not sure, just try. If not, I'll make the change myself.

> ### pktRcvDropTotal

Reviewer: Done.

The total number of "too late to send" packets dropped by the sender (refer to `SRTO_TLPKTDROP` in [API.md](API.md)). Available for sender.

> Packets may be dropped conditionally, when the `SRTO_TSBPDMODE` and `SRTO_TLPKTDROP` options are set to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Packets may be dropped conditionally when the `SRTO_TSBPDMODE` and `SRTO_TLPKTDROP` options are enabled.
```
